docs: sjunet (#698)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/user-guide/self-managed-services/sjunet.md

!!! elastisys "For Elastisys Managed Services Customers"
    You can ask for this feature to be enabled by filing a [service ticket](https://elastisys.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portals).

> [SjuNet](https://www.inera.se/tjanster/alla-tjanster-a-o/sjunet/) is a private network, managed by Inera, designed for healthcare systems with strict requirements. It is used by regioner, komuner and private actors with in the healthcare system. As the healthcare system has high requirements when it comes to distributing sensitive information. SjuNet as a private network, means they can validate that the strict requirements, such as high availability, stability and bandwidth, are meet. Also, that only authorized and audited users are allowed to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Swedish [SjuNet](https://www.inera.se/tjanster/alla-tjanster-a-o/sjunet/) is a private network, managed by Inera, designed for healthcare systems with strict requirements. It is used by regioner, komuner and private actors with in the healthcare system. As the healthcare system has high requirements when it comes to distributing sensitive information. SjuNet as a private network, means they can validate that the strict requirements, such as high availability, stability and bandwidth, are meet. Also, that only authorized and audited users are allowed to use it.
```

## Who is SjuNet for?

SjuNet is for actors that are working with the Swedish healthcare system that require a high available, stable and secure network. Today there are over 100 services, such as Nationell patientöversikt, Intygstjänster and Födelseanmälan, using SjuNet to be reliably available for hospital and healthcare centers.

## How Compliant Kubernetes connects to SjuNet

The architecture diagram below shows how Compliant Kubernetes connects to SjuNet and who is responsible for what.

> The platform administrator configures NodeLocalDNS to use SjuNets DNS to resolve SjuNet domains. Together with static routes, the traffic heading to SjuNet is routed to a gateway. In this case there exists a machine, co-located within the same security group as the cluster, acting as a gateway. This to ensure that traffic between the cluster and machine is secure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The platform administrator configures NodeLocalDNS to use SjuNet's DNS to resolve SjuNet domains. Together with static routes, network traffic heading to SjuNet is routed to a virtual machine acting as a gateway. The gateway will be co-located within the same security group as the cluster to ensure that traffic between the cluster and the gateway is secure and closed off from the outside.
```

Inera, which is the administrators of SjuNet, require you to use a [VPN](https://inera.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/OISJU/pages/406618308/Teknisk+anslutning#Anslutning-via-VPN-%C3%B6ver-internet) when connecting to SjuNet over the public network.

> The application developer is responsible to install a supported VPN on the given machine and connect it to SjuNets VPN. So that traffic from the cluster is routed via the VPN to SjuNet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application developer is responsible to install a supported VPN client on the VM acting as the gateway and connect it to SjuNet's VPN. Together with the static networking route within the cluster, this means that traffic intended for SjuNet will be routed correctly via the gateway.
```

> ![Architectural diagram](img/SjuNet.svg)

Reviewer: Please harmonize the words between the image and the text. In the text, the VM is referred to as the gateway. This name ought to appear somewhere in the image.

Reviewer 2: I'd like to see a few improvements in the image:

- [ ] User Namespaces -> "Application Developer Namespaces"
- [ ] I think you can simplify the diagram and merge the "VPN" icon with the "Virtual Machine" node. Let's just have one node with the VPN icon and the title "VPN-terminating Virtual Machine".
- [ ] Please name the VPN node on Inera's side something like "VPN terminator".
- [ ] Not everyone will be familiar with the "Pod" and "DNS" icons. Please attach a descriptive name to all nodes.
- [ ] You seem to use background color (cyan, light blue and violet) to demarcate responsibilities (developer, platform administrator and Inera, respectively). Can you make this clear in a legend?
- [ ] This is very high on the pyramid of needs :smile:, but do you think you could make a proper "tunnel" between the Cloud Security Group and Inera, and make both DNS and data traffic pass through it. See [this image](https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/qradar-what-are-ssh-tunnels) for inspiration.
